It's a mourning shroud.
Now that Charles is
dead, so also dies this house.
And I'm protecting it in its transition.
To a new life with a new family.
I can't wait to show it.
Buyers are already lining up.
Thanks to you, Lydia.
Everyone wants a piece
of the original ghost house.
Ghosts aren't real.
Only gullible people
believe that kind of crap.
Unless you’re trying to
pay the bills, right, Mom?
Okay, honey, here we go.
Can I have everyone's attention, please?
What?
We're gathered here
today to celebrate the life
of an extraordinary man.
Now, I only had the
pleasure of meeting Charles
a few times.
Then I can tell you
he didn't want any speeches.
Charles hated public displays of emotion.
Yeah, but he also chose
to live his life to the fullest.
I am going to tear a
page out of Charles Deetz's book.
Lydia, now I know we had always agreed
to take our relationship slowly,
but I can't wait any longer.